zdravstvuite friends so swag
recovery part of the latter is at least
his and in my opinion turned out
so successful that my wife and I decided
this thing is even a repair done in the hallway
decided to buy wallpaper under the stone to
something like that in the inhabitants of the old castle
orthophosphoric was used here
metal brush acid this end a
just skin 0
pay attention you see to not
everywhere I removed pull to the end we decided
that it will be more interesting to see that thing
old go to the most interesting
the most delicious is to my bayonet
as soon as I want to say that the bayonet
so my son, what I did is
what I wanted for sure sure
someone will not like what after in
in the end, but I have guys
such a knife vitalov yes so the world from
his knife, too, with such an insert
that is, I don't know what toli are
vitamin tired yet something but i'm very
when you loved this orange color
it was right there and so here it is a bayonet
it's 40
there is such a handle
orange color but of course I understand that
bayonet-knife then do not go straight knife love
This is the color of the handle
Here's a turned unable essay
refuse this psi
my second on it is dark forest that is
that's what ended up with
a blade that is like this i immediately
lansky sharpener
polished 9 carries places
still rusted places but I have become
in line still on a thread
grind off completely the whole car let him
then he would fly with everything Russian like
years sharpening quality on let's
let's see the sun shine
you see all of our sharpened so easy
shaves hair but of course except for those places
where are left from such here is small
replacements that is it was polished in
end up already sandpaper then adversity
that is, I don't know anymore
time when I though it only
still use
quietly-quietly all the same bright and
the thought will come in time
completely in perfect condition handle
get this form you know such
weapon is a weapon hold it like this
like a knife less convenient like this it lays down
in perfect hand after all this is a bayonet then
With such a movement, open the belly
the enemy as a knife can somewhere
will come in handy
I plan for such hard work
use that I do not know 15 centimeters
there’s not enough customer
pigs prick from the village popular
all such things are used by men
they slaughter your livestock, but they are such
so raised and it turns out less video no
the wall here is such a knife I want to immediately
say yes this is a piece of wood before
painted
for all skeptics who say that
the paint will peel off when my knife is here
i use on chest in a match to
cut down some bushes there even the most
technology is colored and this is such
you have been to me once chinese
kitchenette
pens fell apart made a pen like this
and spouse here and so decorate her then
there are guys this is the kitchenette that is he
rushes to the sink this sometimes washed
not immediately here this pen more than a year
have you see anything special with her
did not happen, I hope that there is a
grip and nothing happens that is
on how it was left and will remain
and not really on the same do not throw urine
people seem to have worked for a long time
just put in order dried up that is
That turned out to be a bayonet now even
not bayonet-knife Ti5 probably just a knife
need if there is no hard work
very nations will have to become at
sharpening meaning it was nice so
there was a nice sound calls
that is, she dragged on getting better
Thanks for attention
looked if any comments
for god's sake, offer something if
Well, now there are some solutions.
only one thing can ever be
somehow preoccupied with all necessary
thank you bye